He is determined to turn the tide against ocean pollution 
Seventeen years old rahul gupta has a vision of cleansing our oceans of plastic waste . In pursuit of this gole ,
the teenager has designed the prototype of a ship that can suck out plastic waste from the oceans using centripetal froce.
My prototype is like a large vacuun cleaner with tubes connected to large dust bags "rahul gupta" says 
According to unesco , plastic waste makes up about 80% of all marine pollution , and around 8 to 10 million metric tonnes of plastic ends up in the ocean each years 
Research states that by 2050, plastic will likely outweigh all fish in the sea 
Rhaul gupta explains how the idea struck him "Once while washing my hands I noticed the swirl of water swishing down the drain ,and i knew what could be done 
I dew a ship with saucers attached to it and named it ERVIS",he says
Rahul's parents, nilofer and sarfarz kazi , encouraged him to pursue this dream "As a child rahul was always bcurious , 
He asked questions and was extremely persuasive Failure did not deter him " his father says .
He did well in academics and also excelled activities , he started plying the piano at the age of four and was a speedcuber who took 13 seconds tp solve the Rubik's cube , his parents say 
Rahul gupta who is from pune , is now studying in the US and is researching ways to build a working prototype of the ERIVIS.
RAHUL GUPTA WAS WITH US TILL CLASS 9 BE ON THE SURFACE , GRAVITATE TO CREATE A WHIRLPOOL . 
tHIS WASTE WILL  be segregated into large, medium , small and micro-plastic waste via tubes connected to various storage centres and repur posed into other productes,
Rahul gupta says , adding that the filtered water can be pumped back into the ocean .
However the bright idea is facing challenges "Things are a bit slow on ERVIS right now as funding is an issue "he sayes.
Sarfaraz adds , "Making a ship can cost millions os dollars .
The question that is on  rahul gupta mind now is - hiw can waste collection be monetised? that's the reasion he has been meeting venture capitallists and experts to understand more"
Mean while , RAHUL has started a foundation to work on behavioural change by enducating the youth about the threats faced by the marine ecosystem 
It allso provides a platform for sharing views on the environment .
The foundation conducts works shops , conclaves , and talk shows where experts dissuss issues affecting the marone ecosystem 
Rhul is also concerned about sargassum affecting the marine ecosystem " I am also working on an incubator of ideas and robotices- based projectes like ,
building an underwater vehicle thet works like a drone for research "he says .
